Set new baseline for cspell (#32171)
Azure/azure-rest-api-specs: documentation/ci-fix.md

Please see [readme](https://github.com/Azure/oav/blob/bd04e228b4181c53769ed88e561dec5212e77253/README.md) for how to install or run tool in details.
Refer to [Semantic and Model Violations Reference](https://github.com/Azure/azure-rest-api-specs/blob/main/documentation/Semantic-and-Model-Violations-Reference.md) for detailed description of validations and how-to-fix guidance.

## Spell Check

If you receive a spelling failure, first try to fix the spelling in source.

> If there are words that need to be suppressed for your service, add the word to the override list in the `words` list in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If there are new words that need to be supported for your service, add the word to the override list in the `words` list in
```

the `specification/<service>/cspell.yaml` file for your service. Specific files can also be overridden using the
`override` field in your service's `cspell.yaml` file (see example below).

If the `specification/<service>/cspell.yaml` file does not exist, create it using the example below and set the `words`
and `overrides` fields to the words that need to be suppressed. Both `version` and `import` fields are *required*, use
the values in the example.

For example (note the words list is sorted alphabetically):

```yaml

> version: '0.2'

Reviewer: Is version needed?

Author: Some basic testing shows that we can get away with not setting it directly in the service's `cspell.yaml` file so we're probably OK to remove it from there. I wouldn't be surprised if a future version of cspell required it or required a different value later, but the version we use today doesn't require it.

Reviewer: I leave it to you. It just seems like redundant info we could eliminate.

import:
  - ../../cspell.yaml
words:
  - aardvark
  - zoology

# Optional overrides example for words in a specific file
overrides: 
  - filename: '**/specification/contosowidgetmanager/somefile.yaml'
    words:
      - aardwolf
      - zoo
```

> Spell checking is *case-insensitive* so you only need to add a word once.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Spell checking is *case-insensitive* so you only need to add a word once in lower-case. Try to kept the word list sorted for easier discovery.
```
